Docs: Updates to Docker Compose Guide (#15848)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/insecure-certificate.mdx

  - In Safari's "This Connection Is Not Private" page, click "Show Details," then click "visit this website."
  - In Firefox, click "Advanced" from the warning page, then click "Accept the Risk and Continue."

>   - In Chrome's warning page, click "Advanced" then "Proceed to `URL`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In Chrome's warning page, click "Advanced" then "Proceed to `URL`".
```
For consistency with the rest of the list

>     - If a server previously acessible from this URL set an HSTS header, the "Proceed to" link will not display. Type `thisisunsafe` to ignore the HSTS header and proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If a server previously accessible from this URL set an HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) header, the "Proceed to" link will not display. Type `thisisunsafe` to ignore the HSTS header and proceed.
```
Spelling, also expanding the abbreviation in case the reader is unfamiliar

Author: The shame of this spelling error will haunt me until I install a spellchecker in vscode.
